TeamMeeting Thursday 28.10.2021 12:30-14:00
-------------------------------------------

	location: Zoom

	protocoled by: chrisjherm

	Structure:
		Old Sprint Review
		Old Sprint Release
		Old Sprint Retroperspective
		Organizational matters
		Feedback from Coach
		New Sprint Planning

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

	Old Sprint Review:
		Introduced new swimlanes for organizational matters.
		Agreed to not review Issues regarding organizational matters.
		PO pushed done issues to "Organisation Archive".
		Issue #10 should be assigned to abdelelbehiri. Not possible yet, chrisjherm will handle this.
		Agreed to use mainly KanbanBoard. #todo at Discord only for other matters.
		PO's shall remove old todo's from Discord at the end of every sprint.
		Will decide later, if we need additional boards for sub-teams.
		For now, we will use labels for FRONTEND/BACKEND/NLP.

	Old Sprint Release:
		Release-Tag not finished in GitHub. chrisjherm will handle this.
		Release deadline is every Thursday 12:30.

	Old Sprint Retroperspective:
		Retro is moderated by our coach.
		NebiMucaj recommended to offer anonymous feedbacks. No agreement yet.
		Everyone who cannot participate at Retro, should send their points in advance (Discord #general).
		If someone entered a negative happiness-index-number earlier, this person should bring this up in the Retro.

	Organizational matters:
		oliviadargel recommended to update TeamContract handling the absence in meetings (Retro-points in advance).
		Absence from our weekly TeamMeeting should remain an exception.
		In contrast to all other meetings, 90 minutes are planned for the weekly TeamMeeting. The time limit of 60 minutes, which is stated in the TeamContract, does not apply.

	Feedback from Coach:
		The team should elect a ReleaseManager.
		PO's should prepare issues for the backlog before the Meeting.
		TeamMeeting should not contain to much detailed technical discussions.
		The SprintPlanning will take most of the time.
		Coach should receive the link for the weekly meeting in advance.
		The team should agree if the PO's should change from time to time.
		Planning poker: Knowledgeable participants are welcome to give an assessment beforehand in order to identify possible obstacles.

	New Sprint Planning:
		The complete team was divided into the following sub-teams:
			Frontend: weribell
	     	     NLP: oliviadargel, Battlemech, NebiMucaj
	     	 Backend: Decappi, chrisjherm, numanfidan, abdelelbehiri
	    We agreed to use DockerContainer for Java/Python. Decappi will set this up.
	    Backend-team prefered using Java.
	    We will use JSON as an interface between NLP and Backend.
	    Only Backend is allowed to communicate with Frontend.
